books/returnking/Frodo Baggins
books/returnking/Samwise (Sam) Gamgee
books/returnking/Gandalf the White
books/returnking/Legolas
books/returnking/Gimli
books/returnking/Aragorn
books/returnking/Peregrin (Pippin) Took
books/returnking/Meriadoc (Merry) Brandybuck
books/returnking/Sauron
books/returnking/The Lord of the Nazgûl
books/returnking/Gollum (Sméagol)
books/returnking/The Lieutenant of the Dark Tower
books/returnking/Saruman the White
books/returnking/Gríma Wormtongue
books/returnking/Shagrat and Snaga
books/returnking/Denethor
books/returnking/Faramir
books/returnking/Théoden
books/returnking/Éowyn
books/returnking/Éomer
books/returnking/Beregond
books/returnking/Bergil
books/returnking/Imrahil
books/returnking/Barliman Butterbur
books/returnking/Elrond Halfelven
books/returnking/Arwen Evenstar
books/returnking/Elladan and Elrohir
books/returnking/Celeborn and Galadriel
books/returnking/Bilbo Baggins
books/returnking/The Shirrifs
books/returnking/Lotho
books/returnking/Farmer Tom Cotton
books/returnking/Rosie Cotton
books/returnking/Gwaihir, the Windlord
books/returnking/Shadowfax
books/returnking/Treebeard
books/returnking/combined